here is six abilities you need for a
safer life have the ability to climb if
you can't climb how do you expect to
escape the bad guys next the ability to
fall and land preferably without dying I
mostly say that cuz dying doesn't sound
all that fun and next the ability to
slip without injuring yourself oh gosh
and if you do have an injury you should
have the ability to with your Healthy
leg get all the way back up you know in
case the zombie apocalypse happens how
do you expect to have a happy life if
you can't even jump for joy that's so
sad so you should be able to jump and
lastly you should be able to Sprint and
recover without losing your breath for
the next 30 minutes or so one day you're
going to run for the last time in your
life and you might not even know that
that's the last time stay flexy